Clarify doc for -Q/-R (#16185)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/practical-tools/coq-commands.rst

   start `CoqIDE`.  *<PATH>* is the pathname of the directory containing the module,
   which can be an absolute path or relative to Coq's current directory.  For now,
   you must close and reload a named script file for `CoqIDE` to pick up the change,
   or restart `CoqIDE`.
   The project file name is configurable in `Edit / Preferences / Project`.
   To make the module available in `CoqIDE`, include the following
   line in the `_CoqProject` file (see :ref:`coq_makefile`) in the
   directory from which you start `CoqIDE` or give it as an argument
   to the ``coqide`` command. *<PATH>* is the pathname of the
   directory containing the module, which can be an absolute path or
   relative to Coq's current directory. For now, you must close and
   reload a named script file for `CoqIDE` to pick up the change, or
   restart `CoqIDE`. The project file name is configurable in `Edit /
   Preferences / Project`.

      .. coqdoc::
         -R <PATH> Mod1

   It's also possible to load a module within `coqtop` or `coqide` with
   commands like these.  The drawback of this is that it adds
   environment-specific information (the PATH) to your script, making

>    it non-portable, so we discourage using this approach.

Reviewer: The text already says "we discourage using this approach" and `Add LoadPath` is deprecated (removal subject to no significant objections).  In the meantime, it's still a feature.  Let's remove this only if and when `Add LoadPath` is removed.

Author: This sort of example is meant to show good practice not random features

Reviewer: Have we resolved this in the `Add LoadPath` description (your words) and decided to drop the command?  If not, it's premature to drop this.  If we keep the command we should keep this example.

"If [Add LoadPath] is an important feature for you, please open an issue at https://github.com/coq/coq/issues and explain your workflow."

The beginning of this chapter is poorly organized and the entire example ("Compiling and loading a single file") probably should go elsewhere, likely into the Configuration Basics section I'm actively working on.  I will probably reorganize the beginning of this chapter (up to "By command line options") as part of that PR.

Author: Whether we are removing it is irrelevant to whether it should be recommended by putting it in random examples

  NTFS (Windows) or HFS+ (MacOS X) file systems is on the contrary to
  disallow two files differing only in the case in the same directory.

  .. seealso:: Section :ref:`names-of-libraries`, :ref:`libraries-and-filesystem` and :cmd:`Require`.

> :-R *directory dirpath*: Do as ``-Q`` *directory dirpath* but allow using :cmd:`Require` with an implicit prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:-R *directory dirpath*: Similar to ``-Q`` *directory dirpath*, but allow using
  :cmd:`Require` with a partially qualified name.
```

"Do as ..." is odd wording
We don't use the term "implicit prefix" in the doc.  We do use "partially qualified identifier" (defined in Core Language/Modules/Qualified Identifiers).
